gh-113803: Fix inaccurate documentation for shutil.move when dst is an existing directory (#113837)
python/cpython: Doc/library/shutil.rst

.. function:: move(src, dst, copy_function=copy2)

   Recursively move a file or directory (*src*) to another location and return
   the destination.

   If *dst* is an existing directory or a symlink to a directory, then *src*
   is moved inside that directory. The destination path in that directory must
   not already exist.

>    If the destination already exists but is not a directory, it may be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If *dst* already exists but is not a directory, it may be
```
This seems be be in contrast to `*dst*` being a directory in the previous `If`.  Same comment for 'destination' below' and for the shutil entry. Please consistently use `*dst*` for the argument passed and `destination` for where it ends up, which may not be the same.

.. function:: move(src, dst, copy_function=copy2)

   Recursively move a file or directory (*src*) to another location and return
   the destination.

   If *dst* is an existing directory or a symlink to a directory, then *src*
   is moved inside that directory. The destination path in that directory must
   not already exist.

   If *dst* already exists but is not a directory, it may be overwritten
   depending on :func:`os.rename` semantics.

   If the destination is on the current filesystem, then :func:`os.rename` is
   used. Otherwise, *src* is copied to the destination using *copy_function*
   and then removed.  In case of symlinks, a new symlink pointing to the target

>    of *src* will be created in or as *dst* and *src* will be removed.

Reviewer 2: "in or as *dst*" is difficult to parse. Maybe replace it with "as the destination"..

   Recursively move a file or directory (*src*) to another location (*dst*)
   and return the destination.

   If the destination is a directory or a symlink to a directory, the source

>    is moved inside the directory. The destination path must not already exist.

Reviewer 2: It is a contradiction. "If the destination is a directory or a symlink to a directory ...", but "The destination path must not already exist." If it doesn't exist, it can be a directory or a symlink.

Author: Yes, it is confusing to me, too.

According to the code, the "destination" in the second sentence should be referring to the new path of the `src` file/directory after it has been moved into the `dst` directory. (`real_dst`)
https://github.com/python/cpython/blob/5ecfd750b4f511f270c38f0d748da9cffa279295/Lib/shutil.py#L896

Would "The new destination path in that directory must not already exist." be clearer? or do you have better ideas?

Reviewer 2: Maybe something like "If *dst* is an existing directory or  a symbolic link to a directory, ..."? The paragraph above ("to another location (*dst*)") should also be corrected, because another location is not always *dst*. Use "*dst*" to refer to the parameter and "destination" for real destination (returned by this function), based on *dst*, but not always *dst*.
